Johnny Depp needs to see a shrink for “compulsive spending” on luxuries like 14 homes, 45 vehicles and even a chain of private islands in the Bahamas, his former business managers claimed Monday. In the latest legal salvo over Depp’s finances, The Management Group also ridiculed as “laughable” a recent claim by a lawyer for the “Pirates of the Caribbean” star that he spent $30,000 a month on wine as an “investment.” “Depp would be hard pressed to find a single bottle of wine that he purchased during his tenure with TMG that he or his various companions have not yet consumed,” the managers remark in court papers. “Wine is not an investment if you drink it as soon as you buy it.” TMG pointed to Depp’s interview last week with the Wall Street Journal (paywall) — in which he said, “It’s my money. If I want to buy 15,000 cotton balls a day it’ s my thing” — as demonstrating his “clear and epic” sense of entitlement and “his psychological issues.” “Depp’s extravagant spending has often been marked by a lack of impulse control and often increased immediately after [TMG co-founder Joel] Mandel would confront Depp regarding his finances,” court papers said. “In retrospect, it appears that Depp may suffer from a compulsive spending disorder, which will be proven in this action through a mental examination of Depp pursuant to California [court rules] and expert testimony.” Depp — who has made a fortune playing Capt. Jack Sparrow in the Disney ”Pirates” series — and TMG have engaged in a war of words in Los Angeles court since January, when the movie star filed a $25 million-plus suit. He claims he lost “tens of millions of dollars” to the firm’s alleged fraud and negligence. TMG hit back the following month by revealing that Depp burned through more than $2 million a month on an “ultra-extravagant lifestyle” that he couldn’t afford. The drunken-sailor spending bought Depp $75 million worth of properties including a 45-acre chateau in the South of France, multiple homes in Hollywood and LA, and a Kentucky horse farm. He also spent $18 million on a 150-foot yacht, bought more than 200 works by famed artists, “many pieces of expensive world class jewelry,” 70 collectible guitars, 12 storage facilities full of Hollywood memorabilia, $150,000 a month on personal security for him and his family and $300,000 a month for a staff of 40 full-time employees around the world, TMG alleges. Monday’s court filing exposed additional spending that includes “hundreds of thousands of dollars to employ a full-time sound engineer, who Depp has used for years to feed him lines during film production.” “Depp insisted that this sound engineer be kept on yearly retainer so that he no longer had to memorize his lines,” according to the papers. TMG also said Depp has spent as much as $1.2 million a year for a “personal on-call physician,” and “millions more to employ an army of attorneys.” An attorney for Depp called the allegations from TMG “psychobabble.” “This is how guilty people respond when confronted with the detailed results of a 9 month legal and forensic investigation conducted by 4 firms,” the lawyer, Adam Waldman, said in a statement. Depp in January finalized a divorce from actress Amber Heard, who accused him of repeatedly abusing her during their 15-month marriage, and TMG said he needed the lawyers “to bail him out of numerous legal crises, including making a series of hush money settlements.” “Because Depp is disingenuously challenging TMG’s payment of certain of these fees and expenses in this litigation, the details of these payments and settlements will be fully revealed during discovery and at trial,” the company warned. Reps for Depp didn’t return a request for comment.